[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to Beyond Belief.
George Noory here with you.
Caroline Cory is an
award-winning filmmaker,
author, and the founder
of the OMnium method.
Now throughout her life,
Caroline has had lots of ESP
and other worldly contact
experiences, which
led her to become
deeply concerned
and connected with spirituality.
Caroline started and now
heads the OMnium Media,
which is a media
platform company which
tackles thought-provoking
topics on the human condition
and the nature of reality.
Caroline, welcome
to Beyond Belief.
>>CAROLINE CORY:
Thanks for having me.
>>NOORY: Fascinating little
bio that you've got there.
How did you get
involved in this?
>>CORY: Well, I actually started
out as a personal experience,
when I was five years old.
>>NOORY: Five?
>>CORY: Yes.
I realized that I could
perceive the subtle energy.
I could see the
energy around people.
I could figure out
and see very clearly
what was wrong with them.
What they were struggling with.
I could help them heal.
And because of that, I got on a
journey of trying to understand
what it took me to be able to
do that when others couldn't.
>>NOORY: Could not.
Was it genetic?
Did you get it from your family?
>>CORY: I don't think so.
Maybe.
I think I had a
grandmother who--
>>NOORY: Grandmother
passes it down.
>>CORY: Or something like that.
But it wasn't just that I
was perceiving the aura.
It's as if I was tapping into
their whole consciousness.
I could see everything.
How they came about.
What they were doing.
What their life story was about.
And so because of
that I started to ask
the question, how does it work?
And what did my physical
brain do in order
to tap into that information?
And so I got on this journey
of consciousness study.
But of course in
college, just to rule out
that I wasn't totally crazy--
>>NOORY: They don't teach that.
>>CORY: They don't teach that.
So I studied
psychology in college.
And by the time--
>>NOORY: That's a good field.
>>CORY: Yeah, just
to, first of all,
to make sure that my mind
was not making stuff up.
Because I was very concerned
that I would put out
information that was just
subjective and projecting
my own--
>>NOORY: Thoughts.
>>CORY: Whatever, yeah.
Because you can do that.
And so I studied psychology.
By the time I got to
the master's degree,
I thought, OK, there's
nothing wrong with me here.
I'm just tapping into other
realities, other information.
And I kept getting validation.
Meaning I would
work with someone.
I would know something
that they never told me.
I would help them heal
something that they
couldn't heal for 20 years.
>>NOORY: Amazing
>>CORY: So that's validation.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CORY: Over and over and over.
>>NOORY: Even one
time is validation.
>>CORY: Exactly.
And so that gave me
a lot of confidence
and understanding that--
I started to figure out what
did I do to get that validation?
Like, how was my
consciousness working?
What is the mechanism?
>>NOORY: What put
you in that position.
>>CORY: Exactly.
And so I ended up developing
a whole methodology
for energy medicine and
consciousness expansion,
helping other people study
how to tap into the root
cause of their issue.
And just by reprogramming
their consciousness,
reprogramming the information
that is in the cell,
you could literally
instantaneously shift.
So I trained people from all
over the world for 15 years.
And it works.
I mean, people were
healing things.
>>NOORY: We know it works.
>>CORY: Yeah, absolutely.
>>CORY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: There's
something called
parapsychological
phenomena or PSI.
What exactly is that?
>>CORY: PSI phenomena refers
to anything that goes beyond
the physical body, things
that we cannot measure through
the classical science.
So for example,
telepathy, precognition,
>>NOORY: Telekinesis.
>>CORY: Telekinesis.
Exactly.
Psychokinesis.
So all of that became
my field of study.
>>NOORY: How do you
explain this stuff?
>>CORY: I wanted more than
just the experiential.
I wanted to bring some sort
of scientific validation.
So I started working
with different scientists
from physicists
to astrophysicists
to quantum biologists.
>>NOORY: And they
were open to this?
>>CORY: They were very open.
Of course, I attracted
the ones that were open.
But we're talking
about real scientists,
I mean, from
Stanford to Harvard.
>>NOORY: Wow.
Good credentials.
>>CORY: Exactly.
And so we set up experiments.
For example, putting
water and trying
to influence the pH
of water with the mind
or the electrical
conductivity with the mind.
And you know, we're
not the first ones who
have done something like this.
>>NOORY: Dr. Emoto, the late
Dr. Emoto was very good at that.
>>CORY: Of course.
And William Tiller did
a very famous experiment
with pH, water pH.
And we were able to duplicate
that over and over and over.
So this tells us that
the mind can literally
affect the molecular structure
of water or, for example,
change its pH.
This is how we started to have
scientific validation to what
we call the PSI.
>>NOORY: What did the
scientists who generally
would have been pretty skeptical
about this, what did they start
saying to you about this?
>>CORY: Well, actually, some of
the results were mind blowing.
I mean, it wasn't
that we were changing
the electrical conductivity in
water by a fraction, we were--
>>NOORY: It was huge.
>>CORY: It was huge.
I mean, I remember the
first time I worked on this.
The electricity went up
400% instantaneously.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CORY: So just
for the folks who
are listening to this to
understand how it works
in a scientific experiment.
We don't just go in and
start working on the DNA
sample or the water sample.
We do what we call a baseline.
So we measure the
electrical conductivity
in water over a period of time.
So we get--
>>NOORY: And that's
how you gauge it?
>>CORY: Exactly.
So we know exactly
the parameters.
And then exactly at the time
that we focus on the target,
this is where we
see the difference.
And then when we stop
focusing on the target,
this is where it goes
back to the baseline.
>>NOORY: Now you've
recently completed
a documentary film on the
topic of mind over matter.
It's called "Superhuman."
Let's take a look
at the trailer.
>> Because the energy
is all around us,
you can communicate with all
types of different things.
>> Well, what we do here is
collect intelligence against
foreign threats using a
parapsychology discipline
called remote viewing.
We essentially want to invite
you to become a psychic spy.
>> We know our own CIA had been
experimenting in psychic tests
and abilities.
>> The Israelis had an
interest in it and may still.
We know for a fact that the
Russians were involved in this.
Chinese were and are probably
still involved.
>> Something's happening
that's bigger than us.
>> Oh my gosh.
This is blowing my mind.
Like this is insane.
>> We are pieces of
consciousness playing avatars
in a virtual reality game
called this physical world.
>> This is Captain Corey of
the USS red recorder leaving
a message that may be
detected in other universes.
>> The rain was
tapping on the windows,
and the wind was banging.
>> So we sort of
come to this world.
And I guess, in our
materialistic sense,
we want to forget
the vibrations.
We just want to think
of matter and stuff.
>> That's a whole unit.
That's a large effect.
The fact that you can change
the acid alkali balance in water
implies that you could
change it in the body.
>> This is what this is
about, mind over matter.
>>NOORY: That truly
is remarkable.
You even had Corey Feldman
in there, the actor.
>>CORY: Yes.
So what I--
>>NOORY: How'd he get in there?
>>CORY: So what I
wanted to do is not
to show only energy
healers or people who
know how to work with energy.
I wanted to invite random people
who had never done anything
like this.
So we worked with people
from all over the world.
Some were proficient in it,
others never done it before.
>>NOORY: Were not.
>>CORY: And I also
wanted to perhaps try
to invite a little bit
of celebrities or people
that we recognize maybe so
people to relate to this topic.
You know?
That this is not some
crazy thing out there.
>>NOORY: It's not just
woo woo stuff, right?
>>CORY: Exactly,
because that's how
we're labeled, unfortunately.
>>NOORY: True.
People need to be open to
it for it to work for them.
Doesn't it?
>>CORY: Yes, absolutely.
Although, yeah.
I think the most
important thing is--
>>NOORY: Negative
attitude, it won't work.
>>CORY: It just doesn't
work because it's all
about consciousness and energy.
And so if you are putting
your focus on a target
and at the same time
thinking, I can't do this
or this will never work,
then it will never work.
So that's the idea.
So you have to be at least open.
>>NOORY: My late aunt on my
father's side, Dr. Shafica
Karagulla, devoted her entire
psychiatric practice, Caroline,
to investigating the paranormal.
Something had happened in
her life where she said,
there's much more
to the human mind
than I know as a psychiatrist.
I'm going to devote
my practice to that.
So she began to
investigate, wrote
a book called "Breakthrough
to Creativity."
But she began to investigate
telekinesis, telepathy,
intuitiveness.
And she was convinced
that there's
something about the human trait
that allows us to do this.
She wasn't sure whether
we're born with it
or whether we develop it or
whether we tap into something,
but she was convinced
it was real.
>>CORY: It's absolutely real.
Like I said, that was
the point of the movie.
We demonstrated, under
laboratory conditions,
how it's possible to do it and
do it over and over and over.
So this means that it
works, that it is real.
We didn't make this up.
>>NOORY: What kind of
experiments did you do?
And then what were the results?
>>CORY: So we did an
experiment with water,
like I said earlier.
We tried to change the
pH, bring it up or down.
>>NOORY: Just by
thinking about it?
>>CORY: Just by
thinking about it.
Of course, there's a
little bit of preparation.
Like I said, I've been training
myself and many other people
to do this, which
is not very easy.
I can teach you to move
an object in two hours.
I mean, it's just knowing
what type of protocol to do.
>>NOORY: Can we do it in
10 minutes on this program?
>>CORY: 10 minutes?
>>NOORY: Can I move it?
>>CORY: We can.
>>NOORY: Can I move
something on this program?
>>CORY: Maybe not like
my chair or something.
>>NOORY: I'm going to lift you
up six inches or something.
>>CORY: Yeah, right, levitate.
We're working on that.
But yeah, seriously, but
so we did work with water.
And the reason why I
wanted to pick this subject
because people know that
acidic water in the body
promotes viruses or illnesses
and things like that.
So when you have an alkaline
environment in your body,
it's better for healing.
So that's--
>>NOORY: Is the one
as strong as the many?
Or is the collective
consciousness of many strong?
Let me give you an example.
On our radio show,
"Coast to Coast,"
we have done experiments
during hurricanes.
And they're aimed right
at Florida, for example.
They're coming right at Florida.
Meteorologists are
saying, it's days away.
I'll go on the air and tell
our audience of millions
to concentrate on
moving the hurricane.
Sometimes you need to be
a little more specific.
And I'll set that
example in a second.
And so this vast audience
of millions of people
will concentrate on
this hurricane that's
barreling down on
Florida, that they say
is going to be a category 5.
And all of a sudden, it moves.
It moves off away from Florida.
Unfortunately, it
hit the Bermuda.
And I guess you have to
really be specific and say,
send it out into the
ocean, make sure it
doesn't hit anything else.
>>CORY: Anything, right.
>>NOORY: We didn't do that.
We just said, don't hit Florida.
Move it.
Well, we moved it,
and it hit Bermuda
with that incredible
hurricane force.
It obliterated the area.
>>CORY: Exactly.
And you actually mentioned
something very important
is the specificity.
So when you have many people,
at the same time, focusing
on the same target, each
person has a different way.
For example, one
person is going to say,
I am focusing on making
this piece of paper move
in this direction.
Somebody else could
be saying, well,
it should move any way it wants
to move, as long as it moves.
Somebody else is
going to say, well,
I needed to-- you
know what I mean?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CORY: So the
specificity of the intent
needs to be very, very clear.
That's the problem with
working with a group.
You kind of have to go
through this preparation.
>>NOORY: Lynne McTaggart
calls it the force,
that we're tapping into
something that's out there.
And once you get into
it, once you're on the,
I call it, the wireless
internet of life.
>>CORY: Yes.
>>NOORY: Once you tap into it,
you can do incredible things
with it.
>>CORY: Exactly.
And that's the
point of the film.
I call it source, the
source energy, which
is the source of all of life.
You tap into it, you are it.
And you bring it through and
you direct it on the target,
whether it be piece of paper.
But of course, the idea
of doing it, practicing
on a piece of paper or on
a toothpick or something
that we're trying
to move, the idea
is to eventually
focus on your body.
Because if you can do
this on water or on DNA,
it means you can
do it on your body.
>>NOORY: Oh, you
can heal yourself.
>>CORY: Exactly.
>>NOORY: You know and
do incredible things.
Were the scientists
baffled by this?
>>CORY: They were
blown away because we
were able to do some experiments
that were never done before.
For example, we did a
telekinesis experiment
where we were moving
a piece of paper.
And what happens is
that you can tell
when it is moving because
of your consciousness
of your intent because
the behavior of the paper.
Like I said, you create a
baseline for a long time.
And then exactly when we're
focusing on this piece
of paper, it starts to rotate.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>CORY: It rotates.
But then, it stops.
And then it rotates in
the other direction.
>>NOORY: Who does that?
>>CORY: Exactly.
So for the folks or
even the scientists
who are looking at
it, wait a minute.
Is that the molecule
in the air doing that?
Is there some sort of
electromagnetism that we're not
seeing that's doing that?
Is this a temperature
change that is doing that?
Well, when you see the
behavior of the paper changing
direction, it's hard to
kind of imagine that this
is triggered by anything else.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
done a pendulum experiment?
>>CORY: Yes many, many times.
>>NOORY: That works too.
>>CORY: Yeah.
But if I may continue
with the telekinesis
because it's
extremely significant.
So what we've done
is we said, OK, fine.
We know for a fact that this
is triggered by the intent of--
but by the consciousness itself.
But let's do it under
complete vacuum,
meaning in a Faraday cage.
When you do it in
a Faraday cage--
>>NOORY: Which
insulates it, right?
>>CORY: Exactly.
There is no electromagnetism.
There is no electricity.
There's nothing going in.
And yet, the piece of paper
behaves exactly the way
you ask it to.
So that was very mind blowing.
But then, I also wanted to
take it even to another level.
>>NOORY: Oh yeah?
And what was that level?
>>CORY: I don't know if--
I have not seen anyone do it.
I'm sure there are
people doing it.
But we ended up doing
it long distance.
So I was 2,000--
>>NOORY: That's
been done before.
It works.
>>CORY: Move an object.
Yes.
>>NOORY: It's been
very intriguing.
>>CORY: Exactly.
So I'm in California.
The scientist is in Oregon.
And then again, we
established a baseline.
And exactly at the time that
I'm focusing on the target,
it moves.
I mean, we're talking
twice, like 780 degrees.
It stops.
It rotates in the
other direction.
This was mind blowing
because think about this.
If you can influence an
actual physical object--
>>NOORY: From afar.
>>CORY: --2,000 miles
away, or, actually,
it's 1,000 miles
away, apologies,
what does that tell you if
you can influence an actual--
>>NOORY: It's instant.
There was this connection.
Let's take a look at how the DNA
experiment in your documentary
worked out.
>>GLEN REIN: I have a
special device here.
It's called a potentiostat.
This allows me to take a measure
of the conductivity of DNA.
So DNA is very sensitive
to human consciousness
from my own previous research.
The experiment to see if you
can influence the conductivity.
I need a fresh sample of DNA.
And now, we're going to do
three controls in a row.
>>CORY: OK.
I'm going to write control here.
>>REIN: the going to be--
>>CORY: Control one.
>>REIN: Control one.
So what we're
actually doing now is
we're calculating the
experimental error
by looking at what
happens to the DNA
when there's no intervention.
In this case, we're
doing three controls
at three different times.
Then we're going to do it
a fourth time in a row,
and except you're
going to intervene.
>>CORY: OK.
>>REIN: So we know what
the variation will be.
And the experimental error,
as I was saying before,
will be if there's
no intervention.
>>CORY: OK.
>>REIN: 13.2--
>>CORY: 13.2.
>>REIN: --kiloohms.
>>CORY: That's the control.
>>REIN: Control
number two is 12.9.
>>CORY: 12.9.
OK.
>>REIN: Control
number three, 12.46.
So the average is 12.9.
>>CORY: 12.9 kiloohms.
>>REIN: So if you now are able
to, with your consciousness,
resonate with this and either
get it to go up or down,
then we'll--
>>NOORY: Caroline, who
was the scientist who
was in that portion of
the clip we just saw?
>>CORY: This is Dr. Glen Rein.
He's a quantum biologist.
He's been working with water
and DNA for many years now.
>>NOORY: Was he related to J.B.
Rhine from Duke University,
do you know?
>>CORY: No, I don't think so.
>>NOORY: Who did experiments in
psychology and the paranormal?
>>CORY: I don't think so.
I don't think so.
>>NOORY: R-H-I-N-E.
>>CORY: Yeah.
No, no.
It's a different spelling.
>>NOORY: Different spelling.
>>CORY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>CORY: Well, what I
wanted to mention here,
the reason why I wanted
to do a DNA experiment
and why the electrical
conductivity in DNA
is so important
because there was
a study done in California
Institute of Technology
in Pasadena.
They did this study
on the DNA, how
it was winding and unwinding.
And then they noticed that when
the electrical conductivity was
higher, meaning the
resistance is lower,
then the DNA
behaved differently.
It changed shape.
And it began, it
started to self repair.
>>NOORY: Like it had
a mind of its own.
>>CORY: Exactly.
So this is very, very
important because it
means that, if we are increasing
the electrical conductivity
in our DNA, it starts to behave
like the [? thoracic ?] as
opposed to a double helix.
And it starts to
self heal, which
means that the concept
raise your vibration.
So it's a demonstration.
It's an experiment
in showing how
raising the electricity
that's going in your body,
meaning raising the vibration
in the DNA helps itself repair.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Because I think if the human
body has that capability,
it could fight off diseases,
cancer, who knows what.
>>CORY: Exactly.
That's the point.
That's the point of doing
all these experiments.
>>NOORY: How important is
consciousness to all of this?
>>CORY: Consciousness
is fundamental.
It is your consciousness
that is directing
your intent on a target.
So if this target is DNA or
water or your physical body,
it is through your
consciousness,
it's because of
your consciousness
that you are healing.
>>NOORY: All right, let's take
a look at more of your results
and some of your films.
>>CORY: OK, I think I did it.
It felt like it
responded very quickly.
That's why I kind of stopped.
>>REIN: OK, so here is the
magic number we're looking for.
And it's way, way down to 6.5.
It's a large, robust
effect demonstrating
that at least your
consciousness is
able to resonate with and
change the electrical properties
of DNA.
And the implication
for the audience
is that if you can do
it, then we could do it.
And with our own intention,
we can heal our own bodies.
My theory is that you're
just projecting energy.
And whether you project
it into a test tube
or whether you project
it into your own body
it into my body,
it's the same phenomena.
It's just a different
target receiving the energy.
>>NOORY: So you went
from 12.9, which
was in the original
documentary clip we saw.
You brought it way
down under six.
>>CORY: In 10 seconds.
>>NOORY: In 10 seconds.
>>CORY: Actually, it was
less than 10 seconds.
I kept focusing on it because
I felt like I zapped it.
>>NOORY: What were you
thinking to do that?
>>CORY: I just directed
my energy, the way I,
like I said, I trained
myself to do it
and intended to create
a strong effect.
>>NOORY: Did you keep
thinking lower, lower?
Were you trying to
lower it or raise it?
Because he said it
would work either way.
>>CORY: Well, if you
lower the resistance,
the conductivity is higher.
So that's kind of
what I was doing.
So I was raising the
electrical conductivity.
I was lowering the electrical.
>>NOORY: Lowering it?
>>CORY: Yes, correct.
So that's what I
was focusing on.
But it was more.
When you are doing
these experiments,
you're focused on the
energy that is coming out,
that's being directed
on the target.
>>NOORY: Now what would
you say you physically
did to get that to lower?
What were you shooting at that?
>>CORY: Yeah.
Like I said, it's
I trained myself
and many other people, actually,
to be in a specific meditative
alignment, I want to call it,
so that your mind and your body
is perfectly aligned
with a source frequency.
Like you're tapping
into the core--
>>NOORY: You are.
>>CORY: --the intelligence
of the universe directly.
And then that comes through you.
And then you direct
it as you wish.
So the more aligned you
are, the more trained
you are, the more powerful
and efficient and fast.
>>NOORY: How important is
it that you can physically
see what you're doing?
I know you talked earlier
about doing it from afar.
But do you physically have
to be able to see it too?
Does that help?
>>CORY: Not me
personally because I've
been doing many things in
person and long distance.
But I noticed that
other people that I've
trained that have been doing
this as well themselves,
they prefer to, at least in the
beginning, to see the target.
It's kind of like perhaps
psychological that it's there.
This is what I'm doing.
And eventually, they
can work their way to--
>>NOORY: You've done some
blindfolded experiments before,
right?
Covered your eyes?
>>CORY: George, the blindfold
perception is crazy.
It's incredible.
So what happens is that
these are children.
These are adults.
There are people
all over the world.
I found people in the UK,
in Germany, Romania, Russia,
and I know of in Canada,
Mexico, who can do everything
completely blindfolded.
And so, to me, that was
the ultimate demonstration
that your consciousness or what
you believe in can literally
supersede your physical body,
your physical perception,
your physical eyes.
>>NOORY: That's
proof right there.
>>CORY: Exactly.
Exactly.
And so again, when
you first look at it,
you go, wait a minute.
This is a trick.
There's no way.
But when you see
what these folks are
able to do, which
is read perfectly,
work, do all kinds of sports,
go out and drive, and, I mean,
crazy stuff.
And so again, in order
to bring some sort
of a scientific
validation, what we've done
is we put a device inside
the mask to make sure
that there was no
light whatsoever.
And it went down.
The light photons
went down to whatever
they were to completely
zero, which means
there is no light whatsoever.
And you know very
well science tells us,
we see because the light
is being reflected.
No light means--
>>NOORY: No seeing.
>>CORY: No seeing.
And yet, the brain was behaving
exactly as if there was light.
>>NOORY: Is it the brain,
or is it something outside
of the brain?
>>CORY: Well, that's the thing.
It's your consciousness
that is telling your brain
to pretend that there is
light, that you're not
wearing anything.
That's what's
extraordinary here.
The physical brain itself,
on its own, is doesn't--
I mean, it's responding
to your signal.
And your signal comes
from your consciousness.
>>NOORY: Would you call
this remote viewing,
what you're doing?
>>CORY: In a way.
I'm not sure.
Tom Campbell, who's in
my film, by the way,
he thinks it's a form
of remote viewing.
To me, it's slightly
different or tapping
into the stream, collective
stream of consciousness.
>>NOORY: Well, there's question
you're tapping into something.
>>CORY: Yes.
Yes.
To me, it's basically it's
not seeing is believing.
It's more like
believing is seeing.
>>NOORY: Is seeing.
>>CORY: So your consciousness
is telling your brain,
pretend there is no mask.
Pretend there is light.
Imagine the amount of
conviction or belief
you have to have
in order to change
the mechanism of
your brain to allow
it to see without your eyes.
>>NOORY: With this
ability, can you
alter people's
thoughts this way?
Can you enter someone's brain
or whatever we're dealing with
and get them to
change something?
>>CORY: Technically, you can.
But I want to say that there
is something very important
that this is a huge topic.
I'm so glad you
asked that question.
I'm going to try to
keep it very brief.
But technically, you can.
But of course, we
all have free will.
And the problem is
people, we're not trained.
People don't tell us
how to use our free will
to protect ourselves,
what our consciousness
is capable of doing.
So sometimes I can see their
energy is completely open.
And so here comes
a person who knows
how to use all of
these techniques,
and they kind of
can take advantage
because you are not
protected, because you are not
understanding that
this is possible.
>>NOORY: I've done personal
experiments this way,
where I've concentrated
on individuals
to try to get them to
change their mind thought
or to do something.
And I got to tell you,
Caroline, it works.
>>CORY: Yes.
>>NOORY: I've gotten people
who have changed their minds.
Or in job interviews, I've
concentrated on the person who
is supposed to do the hiring.
And all of a sudden, they
call you the next day.
It's uncanny at how it works
when you're into that technique
and you believe it.
>>CORY: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I mean, I've also
gotten things done.
Usually, it's not having
somebody change their mind.
It's more changing
the perception that--
>>NOORY: Or making
them more aware.
>>CORY: Yeah, exactly.
It's more opening
their awareness.
Or sometimes when there's a lot
of red tape for something super
silly, like, I don't know,
paperwork and things like that,
that is just ridiculous.
So sometimes you can
just put it out there,
just to make it effortless,
to make it easy.
And somehow, it works.
>>NOORY: How do
you think it works?
What makes it work?
>>CORY: There's several
things going on.
The consciousness, like
I said, has the ability
to project information.
See, it's all we're
all information.
Your DNA is information.
Your DNA tells your body
how to look, how to behave,
and so on and so forth.
So you are consciousness
and information.
And we all are within a larger
consciousness and a larger
information stream.
So all that it
takes is that if you
know how to align your
consciousness with the larger
consciousness stream, you can
pretty much move things around
because your free will,
so to speak, your focus,
your intent is very directed.
In other words, it's you are
asking for something to happen.
And you're tapping
into a potential.
So the potential is waiting
for you to tell it what to do.
You know how people
say, ask the universe,
and the universe will respond?
>>NOORY: Just put
in the universe.
>>CORY: Yeah.
What does that mean?
But actually,
there's it's actually
a mechanism that the
consciousness can, in fact, tap
into this database,
so to speak, and shift
it this way or that way.
And that's what I was
trying to do in the film,
to demonstrate and
scientifically show
that this works.
>>NOORY: Who's more adept at
this, Caroline, a man, a woman,
a child?
>>CORY: Well, for
certain things,
I want to say children can learn
certain things much easier,
for example, especially with
the blindfold perception.
>>NOORY: Well, you
highlighted children
in your documentary,
"Superhuman."
>>CORY: Yes, yes.
Our first stop is
in the UK, where
we encounter children who are
using blindfolds to access
their superhuman abilities.
We're going to play some games.
Put your blindfolds
on for me, please.
Ready?
Justin, tell me
what's on this card.
>> Tea cup.
>>CORY: And now tell
me what's on this card.
>> Tiger.
>>CORY: Isabella, what is the
shape and color of this stone?
>> Kind of like a circle.
And I don't-- it's not really--
it's kind of like see through.
>>CORY: Here is
yet another example
of how consciousness
can interact
with the physical world
beyond what science
claims to be possible.
Now you're going to
read a line each.
>> The other dragons were purple
with smooth, shiny scales.
But Marmaduke was faded
orange with sticky-out scales.
>>CORY: Excellent.
Good girl.
>>CLAIRE MOLONEY: It's
like witnessing a miracle.
It's really it's just
beautiful to watch.
>> George was enjoying a quiet
evening in the Heavenly Hippos
Wildlife Park.
But suddenly, he spotted a
group of animals creeping past.
>>PETE THOMPSON: The
first time I actually
saw it for myself when I
come to do my training,
the only word I can
think of is emotional.
It was very emotional.
>> Pitter-patter.
The rain was tapping
at the windows.
And the wind was banging.
>>ANGELA ANDRADE: When my son
started to read and I saw him
reading--
>> Our day out is ruined.
>>ANDRADE: They kind of shine.
It's just amazing.
>>NOORY: Are you
telling me, Caroline,
that those children were
reading those books?
>>CORY: They were.
>>NOORY: And they
couldn't see it?
They were blindfolded.
>>CORY: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Had they
seen it before?
I mean, did they have
these things memorized?
>>CORY: No.
I don't think so because we
kept changing the different--
>>NOORY: That's remarkable.
>>CORY: Exactly.
And also, to prove that
they didn't memorize it
or they didn't know
what they were reading,
I actually would write
something on a piece of paper.
So they didn't even
know what was coming.
And then I would show them a
piece of paper from far away.
So they had no idea.
They couldn't have
prepared for it.
>>NOORY: I'm going to do a
quick mind experiment with you.
>>CORY: OK.
>>NOORY: And close your eyes.
>>NOORY: And mine
are closed too.
>>CORY: OK.
>>NOORY: And I'm
going to send you,
between one and five, a number.
>>CORY: OK.
>>NOORY: And I
want you to tell me
what that first number
is the moment I tell you
I have sent it.
>>CORY: OK.
>>NOORY: So kind of keep your
brain clean like a chalkboard
with nothing written on it.
>>CORY: OK.
>>NOORY: I'm going to hold
up my fingers to the camera,
so everybody can see the
number I'm about to send you.
OK?
And now get ready.
I'm sending you the number.
It's sent.
What number did I send you?
>>CORY: I don't know.
I feel like it's a four,
a three or four, yeah.
I could see like--
>>NOORY: Open your eyes.
>>CORY: Because you know what?
From my angle, I couldn't
see the other finger.
It was three or four.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: So you
basically with your eyes
closed concentrated on
my hands out there to see
how many I was holding up?
>>CORY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That's
pretty remarkable.
You said three or four.
>>CORY: Yeah.
Well, because
you're also, the way
you were holding your
hand from my angle,
I actually saw, it
was kind of like that.
>>NOORY: And the percent
of getting it right is 20%.
One out of five.
>>CORY: Is it?
Oh, there you go.
>>NOORY: And I
would say I'm going
to give you a hit on that.
That's my little experiment.
>>CORY: OK, that's great.
>>NOORY: Scientific?
What would the scientists
say about that?
>>CORY: Oh, in this case,
they would probably say it
was 50-50 chance.
Well, no, actually, no, no.
>>NOORY: No.
You have five possibilities.
>>CORY: Because one to five.
You're right.
>>NOORY: It's a 20% chance.
>>CORY: Yeah.
Maybe a fluke.
Who knows?
But the idea, the scientists
will say, can you repeat it,
or can other people do it?
I mean, that's how it
gets very rigorous.
And that's what I
tried to do in the film
was to show that there
was no other influence.
There was not a fluke.
It was-- and also, I
started with these children.
And like I said earlier,
we found adults.
We found--
>>NOORY: Well, I
was going to say,
would adults be
able to do that too?
>>CORY: Yes.
Yes.
Well, so adults,
some of them read.
But a lot of them
do other things.
So for example, we have in the
film, people going into a store
and picking out things from
a shelf knowing exactly.
I mean, you've been
to a supermarket.
You know what a
shelf looks like.
And so to pick the one thing
that you're looking for,
it's pretty remarkable,
completely blindfolded.
>>NOORY: Well, what would
you say about the children?
>>CORY: So the children
are just more open.
It's almost like they haven't
been programmed enough
that, you can't do it.
This is impossible.
This is crazy.
So I've seen them prepare.
And I also work with children
actually doing this technique.
The first day,
when you tell them,
especially color, identifying
color, and they can just do it.
It's almost like you just
tell them what to focus on
and let go.
And they just do it.
But adults, it's like,
is this going to work?
I don't think I can do this.
How does it work?
You know, all this mind chatter.
>>NOORY: How can we
use this ability,
this incredible ability
in our day-to-day lives?
>>CORY: Well, see,
something happens
when you try to do something.
And I also noticed
a big difference.
When I'm working with water
or DNA, as you saw earlier,
the DNA responds so quickly.
The water also the same way.
But when I'm working
on trying to shift
an electronic device or an
electrical device, the device--
>>NOORY: A little
more difficult.
>>CORY: It behaves differently.
But then it's
almost like you feel
how it's responding to you.
And then by the time you
get to a piece of paper,
a piece of foil,
or piece of wood
that you're trying
to move, that's
a completely different
feeling or experiment.
And so what happens is that as
you are doing this training,
in fact, that's the
reason why we are training
people and doing
workshops, it's kind of you
learn how you are where
you're getting stuck.
>>NOORY: Do people get better
and better the more they do it?
>>CORY: Absolutely.
And so for example, I
could tell that when
I was working with water, I
was focusing a certain way.
But then when I was working
with a piece of paper,
I had to focus in a certain way
but then completely pull back
and let go, which
is very different.
So the piece of paper, as
if it had an ego, you know?
Sometimes I think
about it this way,
as if it had a mind of its own.
>>NOORY: Maybe it was your mind
that you were transferring.
>>CORY: Yeah, exactly.
And then it would not do
specifically certain things
sometimes, other
times, you know?
So what I'm trying
to say is as you do,
you go through this training,
you learn a lot about yourself.
What's coming up for you?
What are the beliefs?
What are the blocks?
And so because of that,
it's extremely empowering.
So you begin to,
in the training,
we train people to let
go of what's coming up.
Make sure you're focused very
clearly, all the mind chatter.
It's very, very empowering.
>>NOORY: Can this
be used for evil?
>>CORY: Of course.
Anything can be used for evil.
>>NOORY: Darn.
We want righteousness
and goodness.
>>CORY: Yes.
But honestly, like I
said, part of the training
also is to understand
how consciousness works.
And if you understand that
your consciousness allows
you to always be protected,
then that's what you do.
You get up in the morning.
You brush your teeth.
You take a shower
every day, right?
So there's something
called energetic cleanse,
an energetic preparation.
I had a word for it.
Sorry.
>>NOORY: And work is ongoing.
So how can people get more
information about what you do?
>>CORY: So the consciousness
work and the energy medicine
work is on my website,
carolinecory.com.
>>NOORY: Spell it out for us.
>>CORY: Caroline Cory,
it's C-A-R-O-L-I-N-E, Cory,
C-O-R-Y dot com.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>CORY: But then for
the film, because this
is a whole new field
of mind over matter,
it's superhumamfilm.com.
And when people go there,
they will see the information
on the workshops
that are specifically
on those techniques.
>>NOORY: Perfect.
Caroline, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CORY: Thank you so
much for having me.
>>NOORY: Fascinating process.
And the fact that
science is backing it up
makes it even more
dramatic, I think.
>>CORY: I think that's why
I'm so excited about this
because we've been
talking about it.
Your mind does this.
Your mind does that.
Positive thinking.
But we haven't really been able
to put it all under one roof,
to demonstrate it, to
prove it, to show it,
so that people can be empowered
and realize, this is real.
This is not just talk.
This really happens.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
And I was going to
transfer to you a mindset
to watch "Beyond
Belief" all the time.
But you know what?
I don't have to do that.
You already do.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."